- [Instructor] Building web applications
is probably the most common use of Spring Boot,
at least at the very beginning.
And that's where we're going to start with our project
as we actually do some building.
Spring Boot's web applications are based on
the Spring MVC pattern.
Now Spring Boot provides default configurations
for Spring MVC.
The paradigm for Spring MVC is based on
the Model-View-Controller design pattern.
And when you bring a template engine into your project
you're also going to get all of the view resolvers needed
in order to move away from traditional JSP
and into more modern template engines.
You're also going to get some static file resolvers.
And we've already seen one of those in the way
that we did the index.HTML page in the last chapter.
But in addition to a traditional index.HTML,
you're also going to get access to CSS and JavaScript
through the static folder.
And really anything that you put in the static folder
can be served statically.
So let's take a look at building
a web-based application with Spring Boot.
We're going to walk through building an application
in the next couple of videos.
So as such, I want to start
with some basic high-level steps.
First and foremost, you need a project to start with.
Then you need to define and create your view.
Oftentimes, views come from designers,
or at least wireframes, so many times
that's where we also need to start.
Then you need to define the model or models
that will be used to serve your view.
Very seldom will you have a single object for a webpage.
Often you will reuse objects across different models,
so consider that in your design.
Finally, you need to add a controller.
And the controller will be used to wire the view
and its model and serve it through the templating engine.